Extend documentation on how to generate a certificate in go (#560)
zmap/zlint: CONTRIBUTING.md

**Creating Unit Tests.** Every lint should also have corresponding unit
tests (generally at least one for a success and one for a failure condition). We
have typically generated test certificates using Go (see

> [documentation][CreateCertificates] for details and [example][certGenerator] as

Reviewer: couple nit:

* it's `CreateCertificate` singular,
* also I think sensible to reference the namespace, `x509.CreateCertificate`
* lastly, a grammatical tweak (and example as reference -> and this example code as reference).

```suggestion
[documentation][x509.CreateCertificate] for details and [this example code][certGenerator] as
```

reference), but OpenSSL could also be used. Test certificates should be placed in
`testdata/` and called from the test file created by `newLint.sh`. You may want to
prepend the PEM with the output of `openssl x509 -text`. You can run your lint

> against a test certificate from a unit test using the `test.TestLint` helper

Reviewer: @RufusJWB While you're editing this part of the docs would you mind updating this part:

> You may want to the output of `openssl x509 -text`. You can run your lint against a test	prepend the PEM with the output of `openssl x509 -text`. 

This is actually mandatory now (CI will fail otherwise) and the best way to do it is by running `test/prepend_testcerts_openssl.sh`. Maybe we can say something like:

> All test certificates **must** have the textual description from `openssl x509 -text` added before the PEM header or CI will flag them as a build error. You can add the text decoding to all of the test certs missing it by running `test/prepend_testcerts_openssl.sh`.

Author: done

function.

[CreateCertificates]: https://golang.org/pkg/crypto/x509/#CreateCertificate

> [certGenerator]: ./certGenerator.go

Reviewer: I'd prefer this doesn't live in the root of the repository. It should probably be under `v3/test`.

Reviewer: Also I believe where you've placed it now it's not being built in CI or linted with golangci-lint. We'd definitely want the latter at least, and likely should consider the former to prevent bitrot over time.
